hey guys thanks for stopping by
ballistic BBQ another edition of grand
theft burger today's victim Fuddruckers
the hangover burger let's get going
alright so one of the things that makes
Fuddruckers such a good burger is simply
the meat they grind their meat in-house
which is what I did I got a really good
deal on some decent ribeye and makes the
best hamburgers it's one of my favorite
meats and the price I paid for these it
was about the same as I would have paid
for her sirloin or chuck so can't beat
it really good marbling you want some
nice fat content in a good hamburger now
Fuddruckers
they sell their burgers in 1/4 1/3 and
1/2 pound sizes I'm not going to weigh
mine but I'm probably going to go for
right around 1/3 meat between 1/3 and
1/2 now they're patties are perfectly
shaped there's nothing your regular
about the shape at all which is why I'm
using this form here when I try to come
as close as I can to the way their
burgers look now I am obviously packing
this but I'm paying close attention I'm
not packing it too hard and there we go
looks like a flight director patty I'm
pretty happy with this we're going to go
ahead and set this aside and move on to
the next step which is they're seasoning
salt all right now Fuddruckers seasons
their patties with the seasoning salt
that they actually brand it's pretty
good stuff and I found a really good
copycat recipe on top secret recipes
calm thank you guys so we're going to
start off with 2 teaspoons of paprika
one and a half teaspoons black pepper
one and a quarter teaspoon salt 1/2
teaspoon brown sugar 1/4 teaspoon garlic
powder
1/4 teaspoon onion powder and 1/4
teaspoon cayenne pepper it's going to
give that a good mix and there we go
good stop girls almost ready so meet you
out on the pad alright guys so
Fuddruckers cooks their burgers on a
flattop we're going to be using the
Mojoe griddle today love cooking on this
thing it really replicates the type of
cooking surface that you get in those
restaurants seasoned up patty with that
seasoning salt we made let's get it down
here going tot
now this hangover burger has bacon on it
so we're going to go ahead and start
crisping up some bacon
right dick is looking pretty good we're
going to go ahead and take this off set
aside all right soon as you can see I'm
getting some nice color up the side of
this burger we're going to go ahead and
flip it gorgeous crust so go ahead and
put on some cheddar cheese all right
that's what I'm looking for now what I'm
going to do is move this burger up to
the cooler side here and we're going to
do something that again defines this
burger this hangover burger now so you
guys know I only have charcoal on one
side of my grill on this half the grill
this side is strictly radiant heat which
is what I want is you see in a minute
here they have a fried egg on top of
this burger
little water now the buns are also
another signature thing for side
wreckers they take their own bonds I
have some buns here I actually bought at
Fuddruckers right here we're going to
give these just a little bit of a toast
eggs coming along fine I'm going to go
ahead and give this a flip
gorgeous toast on the bread
right guys eggs done burgers done let's
go ahead and make us a hangover burger
right now when you buy a burger at
Fuddruckers
even one of their signature burgers they
have this unbelievable produce bar where
you can build the burger how you want it
different types of lettuce tomatoes
salsas you name it onion good stuff so
this is one of their signature burgers
the hangover burger but it doesn't come
with any lettuce or tomato or anything
on it so I'm going to go ahead and do it
as I would do at the restaurant and I'll
lay down some nice green leaf lettuce a
couple thin slices of tomato then that
burger is going to go down and the
slices bacon in that egg on top now of
course you have the options of mustard
ketchup barbecue sauce or whatever the
preferred condiment for the hangover
burger is good old a one steak sauce
that's the way I like to have it top it
with that beautiful fresh-baked bun
there you go guys let's give this a shot
this is going to be yet another messy
one and tell you that right now
so good guys that steak sauce just
really does the beef well and that egg I
didn't really used to be into eggs on
burgers until just recently
love them anyway guys thanks for
stopping by
keep the suggestions coming see you on
the next video
Cheers